[Music]
so we get questions from both men and
women about bulking or getting big with
using x3 so I'm going to answer both
questions like what happens to men and
what happens to women when they when
they use x3 I'll start with women they
read that I put on 45 pounds of muscle
in the first two years and lost 16
pounds of body fat they like the fat
loss part they really don't want to put
on 45 pounds of muscle well for those
women who are concerned about too much
muscle mass you don't really have the
biochemistry to put on that kind of mass
as a female so what ends up happening
with women who use this and you can see
in some of the before-and-after pictures
on the on the website the women end up
looking more feminine because the
muscles do get a little bigger but they
also get harder and then the body fat
surrounding them is dropped
so they just look more defined maybe a
little more athletic or a lot more
athletic depending on their nutrition
but ultimately nobody's putting on too
much size so that you know they're
they're really tipping the scale when it
comes to muscularity so moving on to men
men respond in a very different way
because they have the hormones of
biochemistry to add a lot more muscle
mass there are people who put on 20
pounds of muscle in six months quite a
few of them you can see them on the
website in the before-and-after section
men and women respond differently but
both end up looking very athletic with
their respective genders